<!-- TITLE: Terms of Service -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: The Terms of Service for any services provided by Discordia -->

# 1. Acceptance of the Terms of Service
Welcome to **Discordia** (a.k.a. "**we**" or "**us**" or the "**Company**"). We are excited to have you as user and member of the community. The following terms and conditions (collectively, these "**Terms of Service**") apply to your use of https://discordia.me, including any content, functionality and services offered on or via https://discordia.me (the "**Services**"). The Terms of Service also include our **Privacy Policy**, which you can review [HERE](https://discordia.me/privacy)


We want to keep our relationship with you as lean and informal as possible, but please read the Terms of Service carefully before you start using us, because **by using the Services you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Service.**

**SHOULD YOU DISAGREE WITH ANY OF THE PROVISIONS HEREIN, YOU CAN EITHER LEAVE THE SERVICES, OR CONTACT US AT SUPPORT@THEDRUTRIBE.US.**

# 2. Changes to the Terms of Service and the Services
Discordia is a work in progress, meaning that a lot will change in the near future. We reserve the right to update the Services as well as these Terms of Service from time to time, at our discretion. We will make sure to announce any major change in a prominent way, but since "major" is a very subjective concept, you can always feel free to return to this page at any time. **Your continued use of the Services following the publishing of updated Terms of Service means that you accept and agree with any changes.**

# 3. Accessing the Services, Security and Privacy
We are working hard on improving Discordia, but we cannot guarantee that the Services will be up and running 24/7. We also reserve the right to suspend or restrict access to some features to users. In any case, we will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Services are unavailable at any time or for any period, nor for any data loss (see also Section 7 below).

To access certain features of the Services, you have to register by entering your email and choosing a password as part of our security procedures. You must treat such information as confidential, not disclosing it to any third party and only using Discordia in person. There is a password reset procedure in case you forget your password, but please notify us of any breach of security. We highly recommend to choose a strong password and that you log out from your account at the end of every session.

It is a condition of your use of the Services that all the information you provide on the Services is correct, current and complete. In the future, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. As custom for internet services, we reserve the right to disable any user account, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms of Service.

We use SSL encrypted browsing, but we cannot guarantee that all use will be secure. We also do not guarantee that the Services or any content provided on the Services are error free. We manage your personal data according to our **Privacy Policy.**

# 4. Intellectual Property Rights and Use Guidelines
The Services and their original content, features and functionality, are owned by Discordia and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. In continuing to use this website, you agree to not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, any of our copyrighted material, except to the extent permitted by the Services themselves. If you have doubts about whether and how to use of material on the Services, please address your concerns to: support@thedrutribe.us.

For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term “**Content**” includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Website. For the purposes of these Terms of Service, “**Content**” also includes all User Content (as defined below).

All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Website by users (collectively “**User Content**”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Website is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Website is or will continue to be accurate.

By submitting **public** User Content through the Website, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licenseable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Content in connection with the Website and our (and our successors’ and assigns’) businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content through the Website, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content. For clarity, **the foregoing license grants to us and our users does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing.** You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Website. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Content from the Website.

You are permitted to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use, or legitimate business purposes, provided that your activities are lawful and in accordance with these Terms of Service. Prohibited uses include violation of laws and regulations, hacking the Website in any manner, or violating the **Content Standards** set below. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Service is a breach of these Terms of Service and can lead to account termination.

We encourage your feedback, in the form of reviews, comments, and suggestions or recommendations for modifications, improvements or changes to the Services or the Site that you may choose in your sole discretion to provide us from time to time (“**Feedback**”). When you provide Feedback, you grant us, under all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licenseable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use that Feedback or to incorporate it into the Website or other products or services.

The Website may contain Content specifically permitted to us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Website.

# 5. User Contributions and Content Standards. Special Disclaimer for Legal Content.
Discordia, and its affiliates, contain user generated content, and also may contain message boards, personal web pages, forums or other interactive features that allow you to upload, post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other Users Content on or through the Website. All User Content must be lawful, not spammy, and clear of virus or other malware. More specifically, but without limiting the foregoing, it must comply with the following Content Standards:
* Not contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
* Not promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
* Not infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property rights of any other person.
* Not violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Service.