<!-- TITLE: [NL] Servicevoorwaarden -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: De Servicevoorwaarden voor de door The Discord Wiki aangeboden diensten -->

# 1. Acceptatie van de Servicevoorwaarden
Welcome to **The Discord Wiki** (a.k.a. "**we**" or "**us**" or the "**Company**"). We are excited to have you as user and member of the community. The following terms and conditions (collectively, these "**Terms of Service**") apply to your use of https://discordia.me, including any content, functionality and services offered on or via https://discordia.me (the "**Services**"). The Terms of Service also include our **Privacy Policy**, which you can review [HERE](https://discordia.me/privacy)


We want to keep our relationship with you as lean and informal as possible, but please read the Terms of Service carefully before you start using us, because **by using the Services you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Service.**

**SHOULD YOU DISAGREE WITH ANY OF THE PROVISIONS HEREIN, YOU CAN EITHER LEAVE THE SERVICES, OR CONTACT US AT SUPPORT@DISCORDIA.ME**

# 2. Aanpassingen van de Servicevoorwaarden en de Diensten
The Discord Wiki is a work in progress, meaning that a lot will change in the near future. We reserve the right to update the Services as well as these Terms of Service from time to time, at our discretion. We will make sure to announce any major change in a prominent way, but since "major" is a very subjective concept, you can always feel free to return to this page at any time. **Your continued use of the Services following the publishing of updated Terms of Service means that you accept and agree with any changes.**

# 3. Toegang tot de Diensten, Veiligheid en Privacy
We are working hard on improving The Discord Wiki, but we cannot guarantee that the Services will be up and running 24/7. We also reserve the right to suspend or restrict access to some features to users. In any case, we will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Services are unavailable at any time or for any period, nor for any data loss (see also Section 7 below).

To access certain features of the Services, you have to register by entering your email and choosing a password as part of our security procedures. You must treat such information as confidential, not disclosing it to any third party and only using The Discord Wiki in person. There is a password reset procedure in case you forget your password, but please notify us of any breach of security. We highly recommend to choose a strong password and that you log out from your account at the end of every session.

It is a condition of your use of the Services that all the information you provide on the Services is correct, current and complete. In the future, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. As custom for internet services, we reserve the right to disable any user account, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms of Service.

We use SSL encrypted browsing, but we cannot guarantee that all use will be secure. We also do not guarantee that the Services or any content provided on the Services are error free. We manage your personal data according to our **Privacy Policy.**

# 4. Intellectuele Eigendomsrechten en Richtlijnen
The Services and their original content, features and functionality, are owned by The Discord Wiki and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. In continuing to use these services, you agree to not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, any of our copyrighted material, except to the extent permitted by the Services themselves. If you have doubts about whether and how to use of material on the Services, please address your concerns to: support@discordia.me.

For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term “**Content**” includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services. For the purposes of these Terms of Service, “**Content**” also includes all User Content (as defined below).

All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Services by users (collectively “**User Content**”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.

By submitting **public** User Content to the Services, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licenseable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Content in connection with the Services and our (and our successors’ and assigns’) businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content through the Services, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content. For clarity, **the foregoing license grants to us and our users does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing.** You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Content from the Services.

You are permitted to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use, or legitimate business purposes, provided that your activities are lawful and in accordance with these Terms of Service. Prohibited uses include violation of laws and regulations, hacking the Services in any manner, or violating the **Content Standards** set below. No right, title or interest in or to the Services or any content on the site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved. Any use of the Services not expressly permitted by these Terms of Service is a breach of these Terms of Service and can lead to account termination.

We encourage your feedback, in the form of reviews, comments, and suggestions or recommendations for modifications, improvements or changes to the Services or the Site that you may choose in your sole discretion to provide us from time to time (“**Feedback**”). When you provide Feedback, you grant us, under all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licenseable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use that Feedback or to incorporate it into the Services or other products or services.

The Services may contain Content specifically permitted to us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.

# 5. Gebruikersbijdragen en Inhoudsnormen. Speciale Bijsluiter voor Wettelijke Inhoud.
The Discord Wiki, and its affiliates, contain user generated content, and also may contain message boards, personal web pages, forums or other interactive features that allow you to upload, post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other Users Content on or through the Services. All User Content must be lawful, not spammy, and clear of virus or other malware. More specifically, but without limiting the foregoing, it must comply with the following Content Standards:
* Not contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
* Not promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
* Not infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property rights of any other person.
* Not violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Service.
* Not be likely to deceive any person.
* Not promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
* Not cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
* Not be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
* Not involve commercial activities or sales , such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
* Not give the impression that they emanate from us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
* Not used, if public, as test empty documents with no actual content, or typing exercises: please respect our community and help us minimize the clutter!

# 6. Inbreuk op Wet en Auteursrecht
We do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Services, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. In the unlikely event we receive a disclosure request from an authorized party, we reserve the right to disclose user identities when required to do so by the law, including in response to a law enforcement request supported by a valid court order. You waive and hold harmless the Company from any claims resulting from any action taken by the Company during or as a result of its investigations and from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either the Company or law enforcement authorities.

If you believe that any User Content violates your copyright, please follow the procedure set forth by article 512(c) of the DMCA and provide us a written takedown notice including the following information:
1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
2. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
4. Information reasonably sufficient for us to contact you, such as email, address, telephone number.
5. A statement that you in good faith believe that use of the material in the manner reported is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
6. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

The notice should be addressed to dmca@discordia.me, and shall receive a prompt response whenever it is received.

# 7. Bijsluiter van Garanties, Aansprakelijkheidsbeperkingen en Schadeloosstelling.
Your use of the services provided by The Discord Wiki is at your sole risk. The service is provided "as is" and "as available". We disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We are not liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the Services, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from your violation of any third-party's rights. You acknowledge that you have only a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to use the Services. Because the Services are not error or bug free, you agree that you will use it carefully and avoid using it ways which might result in any loss of your or any third party's property or information.

### ***Discord, the Discord Ghost (Clyde™), and Discordapp (Herein DISCORD) are the intellectual and legal property of Discord Inc. These Services are not affiliated with Discord Inc or any subsidiaries herein. The Discord Wiki does not claim to own any of DISCORD's intellectual property, please don't sue us.***

# 8. Geografische Beperkingen
For now, we provide these Services for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Services or any of its content are accessible, appropriate or legal outside of the United States. If you access the Services from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

# 9. Arbitrage
All claims and disputes arising under or relating to these Terms of Service are to be settled by binding arbitration in the state of California or another location mutually agreeable to the parties. The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Any such arbitration shall be conducted by an arbitrator experienced in online business law and shall include a written record of the arbitration hearing. The parties reserve the right to object to any individual who shall be employed by or affiliated with a competing organization or entity. An award of arbitration may be confirmed in a court of competent jurisdiction.

# 10. Verwerping en Scheidbaarheid
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company and govern your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.

# Feedback
We welcome any comment, question and communication at support@discordia.me