---
title: A Year in Review: 2019
description: A short 'blog' post detailing some of the things we've done over the previous year.
published: true
date: 2020-01-09T09:55:06.343Z
tags: 
---

## Introductions are in Order

The year of 2019 has gone by... quickly to say the least. As I write this, it's already the 9th of the new year, and I completely skipped making the Year in Review for 2018. The 2017 post will be uploaded shortly after this one is, so I'll link it beforehand: [A Year in Review: 2017](/ayir-2017)

Hi, I'm SleepaDru. Nice to meet you, people who I'll never meet 🎉

During the year of 2019, I've had the pleasure of introducing one of our newest High Council members, cats! They're the lovely person who adds all of the Discord UI elements to the wiki, and they make everything look really awesome! So, definitely give a big hug to them in Discord!

In addition to adding another chair to our party table, we had the pleasure of electing some new mods, and adding mutli-lingual support to the Wiki!

## Starting from Zero
At the start of 2019, we decided to start from zero. We deleted the old server and created a brand new one to replace it, and started running from there. We helped host a charity tournament for the Military & Veteran Gamer Charity (super cool folks, [check them out](https://discord.gg/4pjeEWa)), we *experimented* with different video game servers, seeing what worked and what didn't (which by the way, I'm still really open to hosting a game server, hit me up!). We also migrated from Wiki.js 1.0.117 to a beta branch of Wiki.js 2.0, and we've been working out how to migrate the locales properly. Turns out, starting from zero was the key there too. About 3 hours ago, I reinstalled the wiki on a new VPS, and manually moved the articles over. Yay sleep 😴


## Closing Statements & Hopeful Thoughts
Closing out the year of 2019, I want to say thanks again for joining us on this interesting journey! I hope 2020 goes fairly smoothly, and that you all stay safe, wherever you are. I'll be sure to keep you posted on our various escapades this year by spamming `@everyone` in the chat if we do anything cool this year!

Don't ask for the Year in Review for 2018, it's gone foreverrrrr....

Thanks again,
SleepaDru & the rest of us here at The Discord Wiki