<!-- TITLE: Conditions d'utilisation -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: Les conditions d'utilisation de tous les services fournis par le wiki Discord -->

# 1. Acceptation des conditions d'utilisation
Bienvenue sur le **wiki Discord** (ci-après, "**nous**" ou la "**société**"). Nous sommes très heureux de vous compter parmi nos utilisateurs et membres de notre communauté. Les conditions d'utilisation suivantes (englobées sous le terme de **conditions d'utilisation**) s'appliquent à toute utilisation que vous faites de https://discordia.me, y compris l'accès à son contenu, ses fonctionnalités et tout service fourni sur ou au travers de https://discordia.me (les "**services**"). Les conditions d'utilisation incluent également notre **politique d'utilisation des données**, que vous pouvez consulter [ici](https://discordia.me/privacy).


Nous voulons garder notre relation avec vous aussi sympathique et informelle que possible, mais nous vous invitons à bien vouloir lire nos conditions d'utilisation attentivement avant de commencer à utiliser notre wiki, dans la mesure où **en utilisant les services, vous acceptez ces conditions d'utilisation et vous engagez à les respecter.**

**EN CAS DE DÉSACCORD AVEC AU MOINS L'UNE DES CONDITIONS EXPOSÉES ICI, VOUS POUVEZ SOIT QUITTER LES SERVICES, SOIT NOUS CONTACTER À SUPPORT@DISCORDIA.ME**

# 2. Modification des conditions d'utilisation et des services
Le wiki Discord est en cours de développement, ce qui signifie que beaucoup de changements auront lieu dans un futur proche. Nous nous réservons le droit de mettre régulièrement à jour les services ainsi que ces conditions d'utilisation, à notre discrétion. Nous nous assurerons d'annoncer publiquement tout changement majeur, mais dans la mesure où "majeur" est un concept subjectif, vous pouvez toujours décider de revenir lire cette page quand vous le souhaitez. **En continuant d'utiliser les services après la publication de conditions d'utilisation mises à jour, vous acceptez ces changements et vous engagez à les respecter.**

# 3. Accès aux services, sécurité et confidentialité
Nous travaillons beaucoup à l'amélioration du wiki Discord, mais ne pouvons garantir que les services seront disponibles de façon permanente. Nous nous réservons par ailleurs le droit de suspendre ou restreindre l'accès de certains utilisateurs à certaines fonctionnalités. Dans tous les cas, nous ne saurons être tenus pour responsables de l'indisponibilité des services à quelque moment ou pour quelque période de temps que ce soit, ou de quelque perte de données que ce soit (voir également la section 7 ci-dessous).

Pour accéder à certaines fonctionnalités des services, vous devez vous enregistrer en entrant votre adresse courrier électronique et en choisissant un mot de passe dans le cadre de nos procédures de sécurité. Vous devez traiter ces informations confidentielles, ne les dévoiler à aucun tiers et n'utiliser le wiki Discord qu'en personne. Une procédure de réinitialisation du mot de passe est disponible, mais nous vous prierons de bien vouloir nous informer de toute brèche de sécurité. Nous vous recommandons fortement de choisir un mot de passe fort et de vous déconnecter de votre compte à la fin de chaque session.

Toute l'information que vous fournissez sur les services doit être correcte, actuelle et complète. Dans le futur, il pourra vous être demandé de fournir certains détails dans le cadre d'un enregistrement ou d'autres informations. Comme il en est coutume pour les services Internet, nous nous réservons le droit de désactiver tout compte d'utilisateur, à n'importe quelle moment et à notre seule discrétion, pour n'importe quelle raison, voire aucune, y compris si nous pensons que vous avez enfreint quelque terme que ce soit des présentes conditions d'utilisation.

Nous utilisons une navigation cryptée par SSL, mais ne pouvons garantir que toute utilisation sera sécurisée. Nous ne garantissons pas non plus que les services ou quelque contenu que ce soit fourni sur les services sont exempts d'erreurs. Nous gérons vos données personnelles conformément à notre **politique d'utilisation des données**.

# 4. Droit à la propriété intellectuelle et recommandations relatives à l'utilisation
Les services et leur contenu ou fonctionnalités propres sont la propriété du wiki Discord et sont protégées par les lois des États-Unis relatives au droit d'auteur, aux marques de commerce, aux brevets, au secret industriel et à d'autres lois relatives à la propriété intellectuelle ou au droit à la propriété. En continuant à utiliser ces services, vous acceptez de ne pas copier, modifier, créer des travaux dérivés de, afficher publiquement, présenter publiquement ou republier nos contenus protégés par le droit d'auteur en dehors des limites fixées par les services eux-même. Si vous avez des doûtes quant à votre droit et à la façon d'utiliser le contenu des services, veuillez adresser vos demandes à : support@discordia.me.

Pour les besoins de ces conditions d'utilisation, le terme « **contenu** » inclut, sans s'y limiter, l'information, les données, le texte, les photographies, les vidéos, les enregistrements audio, les messages écrits et les commentaires, le contenu logiciel, les scripts, les graphismes et les fonctionnalités interactives générées, fournies, ou, de quelque autre façon, redues accessibles sur ou au travers des services. Pour les besoins de ces conditions d'utilisation, « **contenu** » inclut également tout le contenu utilisateur (tel que défini ci-dessous).

All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Services by users (collectively “**User Content**”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.

By submitting **public** User Content to the Services, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sub-licenseable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Content in connection with the Services and our (and our successors’ and assigns’) businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds). You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content through the Services, and to use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content. For clarity, **the foregoing license grants to us and our users does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing.** You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.

We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Content from the Services.

You are permitted to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use, or legitimate business purposes, provided that your activities are lawful and in accordance with these Terms of Service. Prohibited uses include violation of laws and regulations, hacking the Services in any manner, or violating the **Content Standards** set below. No right, title or interest in or to the Services or any content on the site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved. Any use of the Services not expressly permitted by these Terms of Service is a breach of these Terms of Service and can lead to account termination.

We encourage your feedback, in the form of reviews, comments, and suggestions or recommendations for modifications, improvements or changes to the Services or the Site that you may choose in your sole discretion to provide us from time to time (“**Feedback**”). When you provide Feedback, you grant us, under all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licenseable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use that Feedback or to incorporate it into the Services or other products or services.

The Services may contain Content specifically permitted to us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.

# 5. User Contributions and Content Standards. Special Disclaimer for Legal Content.
The Discord Wiki, and its affiliates, contain user generated content, and also may contain message boards, personal web pages, forums or other interactive features that allow you to upload, post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other Users Content on or through the Services. All User Content must be lawful, not spammy, and clear of virus or other malware. More specifically, but without limiting the foregoing, it must comply with the following Content Standards:
* Not contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
* Not promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
* Not infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property rights of any other person.
* Not violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Service.
* Not be likely to deceive any person.
* Not promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
* Not cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
* Not be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
* Not involve commercial activities or sales , such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
* Not give the impression that they emanate from us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
* Not used, if public, as test empty documents with no actual content, or typing exercises: please respect our community and help us minimize the clutter!

# 6. Law and Copyright Infringement
We do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Services, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. In the unlikely event we receive a disclosure request from an authorized party, we reserve the right to disclose user identities when required to do so by the law, including in response to a law enforcement request supported by a valid court order. You waive and hold harmless the Company from any claims resulting from any action taken by the Company during or as a result of its investigations and from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either the Company or law enforcement authorities.

If you believe that any User Content violates your copyright, please follow the procedure set forth by article 512(c) of the DMCA and provide us a written takedown notice including the following information:
1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
2. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
4. Information reasonably sufficient for us to contact you, such as email, address, telephone number.
5. A statement that you in good faith believe that use of the material in the manner reported is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
6. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

The notice should be addressed to dmca@discordia.me, and shall receive a prompt response whenever it is received.

# 7. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification.
Your use of the services provided by The Discord Wiki is at your sole risk. The service is provided "as is" and "as available". We disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We are not liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the Services, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from your violation of any third-party's rights. You acknowledge that you have only a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to use the Services. Because the Services are not error or bug free, you agree that you will use it carefully and avoid using it ways which might result in any loss of your or any third party's property or information.

### ***Discord, the Discord Ghost (Clyde™), and Discordapp (Herein DISCORD) are the intellectual and legal property of Discord Inc. These Services are not affiliated with Discord Inc or any subsidiaries herein. The Discord Wiki does not claim to own any of DISCORD's intellectual property, please don't sue us.***

# 8. Geographic Restrictions
For now, we provide these Services for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Services or any of its content are accessible, appropriate or legal outside of the United States. If you access the Services from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

# 9. Arbitration
All claims and disputes arising under or relating to these Terms of Service are to be settled by binding arbitration in the state of California or another location mutually agreeable to the parties. The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Any such arbitration shall be conducted by an arbitrator experienced in online business law and shall include a written record of the arbitration hearing. The parties reserve the right to object to any individual who shall be employed by or affiliated with a competing organization or entity. An award of arbitration may be confirmed in a court of competent jurisdiction.

# 10. Waiver and Severability
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company and govern your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.

# Feedback
We welcome any comment, question and communication at support@discordia.me